"We are good practitioners. We are taking care of the emotions right at the end of the day.
Our self is suffered by these emotions. We are good practitioners. We are taking care of the
emotions right at the end of the day."
Many great masters in practicing always say that the defining moment of the practitioner is when
emotions arise.
When the emotions arise, the practitioner handles so nicely that right there, we do not disturb one
's own self.
We do not disturb the others. If they take care of that right there, then that is really a good
sign of the achievement of the practices.
That is the picture, the best sign in the teaching field. That is true practitioners, then you are
really practicing.
That is how we can tell how we are going to handle our emotions.
Every emotion arises, we are carried by the force of that emotion.
As we did so many times or as we did before our practices, then our practice is not really
developing strongly, not going strong.
For that reason, again, rest in the body together. Rest in your meditation practices again.
These emotions are always in the teachings. They are like, as I said, the defining moment or they
are thermometers of the practitioners.
So we can judge or we can tell to ourselves, we don't have to ask someone, "How are my practices
doing?"
We can measure with the thermometers of this, this.
And if we are able to handle that so nicely, what is happening to us?
Then his great Master Chakra said here too, Chakra Chaturana said already, "We are developing,
strengthening our vastness."
All those five vastness are really expressed for those reasons, many times in the practice lineages
in the teaching, in my teaching said,
"As much as emotions, that much power of the vastness," also said, "that means that you can handle
that so nicely,"
then that emotion becomes the visitors.
So as much as our emotions, that much big, our wisdom is growing, much more power, strength is
developing.
But then if we couldn't handle that, then it would cross us, cross us, undermine,
and we would fall again in the porthole of the emotions and fell down on that hole, ditches, and we
fell down on the ditch.
So therefore this emotion, that's how the great Master said how to take care of the emotions.